I want to create a 30 day manifesting & alignment bootcamp for myself.

The context is that for about a decade we were stuck in a very small house and I was really unhappy about it. We have now moved into a moderate sized, very nice house. It's a huge step up and I really enjoy living here. However it is a rental, money is tight and I don't feel like my next steps are clear. I have a dream of money being abundant and easy, and living in a massive big gorgeous house that we own. There are many ways it could happen, but I keep getting stuck in the how and getting down that we have come so far but still aren't at our goals.

Also I have had this dream of having a huge house with animals and growing veges and baking and all of that. However the closer we get to that, the more I can see that living like a 1950s housewife (literally just getting pretty and cooking) wouldn't satisfy me. I thought it would when we were miles from it. But actually I could be doing that most days now, and it just bores me. 

I find myself far closer to my dream life than previously, but it's more vague and I worry about getting there and not loving it. I don't want a business that I have stress or anxiety with. I don't want to be rushing and always having a million things to do. but I also don't want nothing to do and feel like I have no purpose. I'm massively bothered by how unhealthy our food & lifestyles are nowadays and really look up to people like Barbara ONiell and people who make all their own food. That inspires me, I start to do it, then I get horribly bored and just want to go eat junk and order takeaways. I'm not sure how to reconcile any of that. 

My past experience is the more I worry about money, the harder it gets. My husband earns very well so we will be fine. But I don't want to just be fine. I want to live an extraordinary life. I want to be debt free. I want to own a multi million pound house we love that's walking distance to my kids school, where we have a super comfy gorgeous annexe for my parents, with land, with vege gardens, with all kinds of projects and things I can do that I love and inspire me. I want to have lots of local friends we love that we host regularly and we go to all the local events. I want to be healthy & fit and love how I look. I want Doug & I to be incredibly happy and in love. I want the kids to be healthy & happy and have amazing relationships with us. I want to own commercial properties and feel organised with our money. 

I do want a business but I think I'd like it to be my Homemade app that we've been discussing. Something like that which is mostly hands off. People love it. There's some kind of easy premium up grade that earns me money and it really helps the world (but that's not the primary goal, the primary goal is an app I love & adore and it's a major benefit that others  love it too). I'm not fixed that my business has to be Homemade. In fact I'm not certain aabout it yet. But it's that kind of business. An app. Something I can have a small, trusted remote team that deal with everything once I've setup & launched it. I juts check in each day.

I want to feel inspired. Not bored. Not stressed. Happy & also having projects and things I'm excited to get stuck into. No urgency or stress. No boredom or 'content-ness' that slides into feeling like I don't have a plan or anything to do. that feel always results in upset and a meltdown. I want to feel inspired and like I'm up to stuff and I matter.

What I'd like to do is overhaul my mindset in the next 30 days and use all the tools I know.

I love tapping. I love energy work. I also love manifesting.

I want to have daily things I do each day for 30 days that will transform my mindset and results. Perhaps morning and night each day. I also want inspiring things I can read and get myself aligned again. Perhaps exercises too. I'm open to suggestions.

I previously made this "C:\Users\Rebecca\Downloads\30 Day Alignment Bootcamp\The Aligned Life Program - 12 Weeks of Tapping for Body, Money & Manifesting.docx". However it's too long at 12 weeks and I never finished it. Also my dreams and ambitions have moved on since then. At the time I was learning to trade manually. I no longer do that so that book doesn't feel aligned anymore to me. Also it was written back when we were in the tiny house. Plus it was mostly written by chatgpt so there are lots of Enum dashes (which I hate), and ai-type speak. Plus it repeats itself lots so I find myself only using a few pages and ignoring the rest.

I've also made this "C:\Users\Rebecca\Downloads\30 Day Alignment Bootcamp\Journal Interior - TRADING Mindset Bootcamp.docx". I love how there's things to do each day. And it's a mix of tapping and energy work. But I don't really use the journal part. Plus I'm not doing manual trading anymore. 

Instead of manual trading, I'm making Aura - a trading algo / bot. I want to have it pass multiple prop firm accounts for  me (like 15+) and then trade those, and use the income to build my live account. So that I'm generating at least £1million income per month. Then eventually grow my live account with this so that I don't need prop firms but I've used the prop income to seed 15 different live accounts which then trade on minimal risk to continue with minimum £1million per month and growing. I use this money to buy commercial property and grow my empire. 

There is a house close to here that I love. It's empty and we know the owner. He'd probably sell it but we don't have the money. I don't want a mortgage. I want to just buy cash. It's probably £2-£3million to buy plus stamp duty etc. Then money to do it up. The kids could walk to school. There's a partially completed annexe for my parent and about 7 acres, plus space for vege garden etc. It's perfect. I can walk there on dog walks and imagine it's mine.

I regularly see manifesting activities on social media like putting a £1 coin on the property somewhere as an energetic deposit (like I'm buying the house). And all kinds of other things. I love these fun magic type activities. I'm wondering if my bootcamp should have that plus tapping and energy alignment statements.

This is a manifesting book I've written previously "C:\Users\Rebecca\Downloads\30 Day Alignment Bootcamp\Book Interior - Manifesting v2.docx". 

And a money one "C:\Users\Rebecca\Downloads\30 Day Alignment Bootcamp\Book Interior - MONEY v2.docx".

And another money one about my energy alignment method I came up with "C:\Users\Rebecca\Downloads\30 Day Alignment Bootcamp\The Money Zone by Rebecca Page v1.docx".


